Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
♪ For I can’t help
♪ Falling in love
♪ With
♪ You...
I’d like
to talk to you a little bit.
ladies and gentlemen. about
how I got in this business.
There’s been a lot written
and a lot said.
but never from my
side of the story.
People can stay home
and hear you sing.
but when they pay
their money to come out
and see you
on a personal appearance.
those people want
to see a show.
They come out
to see some action.
"Elvis Presley is
a no talent performer.
riding the crest of a wave
of mass hysteria."
And how’s your feeling on that?
"No talent performer."
I don’t know. I don’t
even want to think about it.
He ain’t nothing
but an idiot.
♪ Glory. glory
♪ Hallelujah
♪ His truth
♪ Is marching
♪ On
♪ His truth is marching
♪ On...♪
Hi. this is Elvis Presley.
I guess the first thing people
want to know
is why I can’t stand still
when I’m singing.
Some people tap their feet.
some people snap their fingers
and some people just
sway back and forth.
I just sort of do them
altogether. I guess.
Singing rhythm and blues
really knocks it out.
Knocks it out...
♪ Oh. baby. baby
Baby. baby. baby
I watch my audience
and listen to them
and I know that we’re
all getting something
out of our system and none
of us knows what it is.
♪ Come back. baby
I want to play house with you ♪
The important thing is
that we’re getting rid of it
and nobody’s getting hurt.
Rock and Roll music. if you
like it and if you feel it.
you can’t help but move to it.
That’s what happens to me.
I can’t help it.
I mean. I have to move around.
I can’t stand still.
I’ve tried it
and I can’t do it.
♪ Well. it’s one for the money
Two for the show ♪
Man. I was tame
compared to what they do now.
Are you kidding?
I didn’t do anything.
I would just jiggle. you know?
I get in kind of rhythm
with the music.
jump around to it
because I enjoy what I’m doing.
I’m not trying to be vulgar.
I’m not trying to sell any sex.
♪ Oh. walk the dog ♪
When did you
first start singing?
Do you call it ’singing’.
the stuff you do?
♪ Baby. if I made you mad ♪
Do I call it singing?
That is what you call it?
Well. I’ve sold
five million records.
Somebody calls it singing.
So. that’s how it happens.
You get a record
and then you get on television.
and you go to Hollywood. so...
So I wasn’t ready for that town
and they wasn’t ready for me.
you know?
♪ Well. I said
shake. rattle and roll ♪
♪ Crawfish ♪
I went to Hollywood
and I made "Love Me Tender."
"Loving You" and loving her...
Loving whoever I could get my
hands on at the time. you know?
And then I did "King Creole."
so I was really getting used to
the Hollywood bit. you know.
I had a Cadillac
and I had sunglasses on.
I’m sitting in the back seat.
saying.
"I’m a movie star.
I’m a somebody."
♪ Sad sack was sitting
on a block of stone ♪
There is quite
a group of people
who don’t approve
of the thing you do.
They seem to think
that it contributes
to juvenile delinquency
and all sorts of things.
You given any thoughts to. uh.
the unpopular side
of your audience?
Yes. sir. I have.
I’ve tried to figure it out.
I don’t see how they can think
that it would contribute
to juvenile delinquency.
Someone solely singing
and dancing. I don’t see that.
♪ You ain’t nothin’
but a hound dog
♪ Crying all the time ♪
I believe with all of my heart
that it is
a contributing factor
to our juvenile delinquency
of today.
♪ I’ve got a dirty feeling ♪
Why I believe that is
because I know how it feels
when you’re singing.
So limber and loose.
- I know what it does to you.
- Extremely bad temper.
Of the evil feeling
that you feel when you sing.
the lust position that
you get into in the beat.
If you talk to the average
teenager of today
and you ask them what it is
about rock and roll music
that they like.
the first thing they’ll say is.
"The beat. the beat. the beat."
It happened so fast. it’s hard
to keep up with it. you know?
It’s just. boom. overnight
and there it was.
It happened very fast
to all of us.
my mother and my father
and all of us that...
you know.
everything happened overnight.
And so we had to adjust to
a lot of things very quickly.
A lot of good things.
I have seen his clothes
completely torn off.
Scratched all over. bleeding.
Just wild fans.
I have Elvis Presley
on the phone. Hello?
Hello.
Hello. Elvis.
Just one moment.
Hello. Elvis. Your style
of gyrating while you sing
has been bitterly criticized.
even by usually mild
and gentle TV critics.
Do you think
you’ve learned anything
from the criticism
levelled at you?
- No. I haven’t.
- You haven’t. huh?
Because I don’t feel
I’m doing anything wrong.
If there’s anything
I’ve tried to do.
I’ve tried to live
a straight. clean life
and not set any kind
of a bad example.
I will say
that there are people
that are going to like you
and people that don’t like you
regardless of what business
you’re in or what you do.
You cannot please everyone.
But what about the rumor
that you once shot your mother?
Well. I think that one
takes the cake.
♪ Well. since my baby left me
♪ Well. I found
a new place to dwell ♪
And then right when I
was going good. I get drafted.
And overnight it was all gone.
It was like a dream.
Pah! Changed.
Do you feel
that rock and roll.
the popularity
of rock and roll.
will diminish in any way
while you’re in the army?
Well. sir. rock
and roll has been around
for many years. Uh...
It used to be called
rhythm and blues.
and as far back as I can
remember. it’s been very big.
Although in the last
five years.
it’s gotten much bigger.
I personally don’t think it
will ever die completely out.
because they’re going to have
to get something mighty good
to take its place as far
as the young people
are concerned.
Maybe someday I can come
back when my army tour is up.
as an entertainer.
and then I’ll have more time
and maybe I’ll have
an opportunity
to kind of make myself
at home over here.
Arrivederci!
No. that’s Italian.
Have two years of
sobering army life
changed your mind
about rock and roll?
"Sobering army life?"
Uh... no. it hasn’t. It hasn’t.
It hasn’t changed my mind.
because...
I was in tanks for a long time.
you see.
and they rock and roll
quite a bit.
- Fire!
- On the way!
♪ Girls! Girls! Girls!
- ♪ Girls
- ♪ Going swimming
- ♪ In bikinis
- ♪ Girls♪
- ♪ Walking and a-wiggling by ♪
It’s a new Elvis.
one you’ve never seen before.
♪ She said.
Hey. bossa nova. baby
♪ Keep on working
for this ain’t no time to quit
♪ She said.
Go. bossa nova. baby
♪ Keep on dancing
I’m about to have myself a fit
♪ Bossa nova. bossa nova ♪
For a while
there was a theory
that anything I did
would sell and so forth.
Well. I knew that was not true.
Whether it’s a song.
a script or whatever.
it’s got to be good.
Wake up. Greg. It’s time
to head for the hills.
You can’t talk. You’re a dog!
Hollywood’s image of me
was wrong. and I knew it.
and I couldn’t say
anything about it.
Couldn’t do
It’s nobody’s fault
maybe. except my own.
A lot of times the things
that I didn’t fully believe in.
And I was doing a lot
of pictures close together
and the pictures
got very similar.
♪ Girls! Girls! Girls!♪
So I’d read
the first four or five pages
and I knew that it was
just a different name
with 12 new songs and
I had to gear down
’cause I had to sing to a dog.
♪ The edge of reality
♪ The edge of reality ♪
I had thought that
they would give me a chance
to show some kind
of acting ability.
Oh. I mean business.
But it did not change.
It did not change.
I was so concerned.
That’s all I talked about.
It worried me sick.
♪ Now in a single moment
your past grows dim
And I became
very discouraged.
♪ One thought goes racing
across your mind
One of the reasons
why Elvis has stayed around
as long as he has. has been
due to a great mastermind
of his manager.
Colonel Tom Parker.
♪ With eyes that hide
the man within
Colonel Tom Parker...
♪ You’ve lived and died
and come to life again ♪
They couldn’t
have paid me
no amount of money in the world
to make me feel any
self-satisfaction inside.
♪ The edge of reality
It did not change.
♪ Do you miss me?
But it did not change.
♪ Do you miss me?♪
Did not change.
So I had to change it.
which I did.
Should be all on camera.
♪ When Moses walked the
children out of Egypt land
♪ He said.
"Now. don’t you worry
♪ We’re in the Lord’s hands
♪ He’s gonna walk beside us
♪ The time is coming near
♪ He’s gonna wash away
all our misery and our fear"
- ♪ I got a feeling in my body
- CHOIR: ♪ Feeling in my body
♪ This will be...♪
I just missed it.
I missed the closeness of an
audience. of a live audience.
So just as soon as I got
out of the movie contracts.
I started to do live
performances again.
Like right now.
I’m going into Vegas
and it’s just on my mind.
all the time.
Songs. wardrobe.
lighting. sound.
♪ Deep inside
♪ My cup of love
was overflowing
♪ Huh
♪ I found the stranger
I’d been looking for ♪
We start discussing
the songs first.
There must be four
or five hundred songs.
Out of that four
or five hundred.
I have to pick 20 at the most.
Then we start rehearsing
with a small band.
with a rhythm section. and
we go through several songs.
maybe 50 songs.
We do that for several days
and we try to add to it.
♪ Now and then
♪ There’s a fool such as I ♪
♪ Hey. Mama
Don’t you treat me wrong
♪ Put your dress on
Go on home. all right
♪ Hey. hey
♪ What I say
♪ What I say ♪
These are some of the. like.
the first songs I did.
you know. long before
World War II.
There’s only 426.
So...
♪ I was the one
♪ Who taught her to cry
♪ And she
♪ I don’t know the words ♪
Then we go to Vegas
and we pick up the voices.
and then graduate
to the big band.
But all this starts to
take place two or three months
before I ever make
a public appearance.
Right on time.
What’s going on. man?
Camera crew. gentlemen.
how are you? Good to see you.
I’m glad you could be here.
♪ When I said
♪ I needed you
♪ You said
you would always...♪
It takes me five minutes
to figure out where I am.
♪ Oh. you don’t have to
say you love me
♪ Just be close at hand
♪ You don’t have
to stay forever
♪ I will understand
♪ But believe me
♪ Believe me
♪ Oh. believe me ♪
On the. uh...
modulation. we could have
the voices to. uh...
It’s just for the modulation.
♪ Believe me
♪ Oh. believe me
♪ Oh. say you love me
♪ Just be close at hand ♪
But I liked all type of music.
you know?
When I was in high school...
I had records of Mario Lanza
and the Metropolitan Opera.
I just... I love music.
The Spanish.
I like the Mexican flavor.
♪ Plowing through
the ragged skies
♪ And up the cloudy draw
♪ Trying to catch
the devil’s herd
♪ Across these endless skies ♪
♪ La. la. la. la. la. la ♪
♪ As I walk along. I wonder
♪ What went wrong with our love
♪ A love that was so grand
♪ And as I still walk by
♪ I think of the times
we’ve had together
♪ While our love...♪
Where’s the director?
Oh. there he is.
You want me to let you know
when we’re gonna do that. um...
What you call it?
Well. we’re not
going to do it now.
Wow...
- What key is this?
- I don’t know.
When I first realized
I could sing.
at about two years of age.
I found myself singing.
I mean. I was singing
and people would listen to me
around the housing project
where I lived.
I was about eight years old
and they entered me
in a talent show.
I wore glasses. had no music.
and I won...
I think it was fifth place
in this talent contest.
I got a whipping the same day.
My mother whipped me
for something.
I went on the rides.
Destroyed my ego completely.
But I would sing in church.
with my mother and father.
But I would never sing
in public.
I was very shy about it.
♪ Now it looks as though
they’re here to stay
♪ Oh. I believe in yesterday
♪ Suddenly
♪ I’m not half the man
I used to be
♪ There’s a shadow
hanging over me
♪ Oh. I believe in yesterday
♪ Yesterday ♪
Okay.
Okay. Just pick a key.
All right.
♪ Something in
the way she moves
♪ Attracts me
like no other lover
♪ Something in the way
she woos me
♪ I don’t want to leave her now
♪ You know I believe and how ♪
♪ Something in
the way she moves
♪ All I have to do
is think of her
♪ Something in the way
she shows me ♪
Very suggestive lyrics. man.
♪ I went and bought
myself a ticket
♪ And I sat down
in the very first row
♪ They pulled the curtain
♪ But then when they turned
the spotlight way down low ♪
It’s Elvis
at the International Hotel
in Las Vegas.
It’s Elvis!
800 radio stations
are plugging him
and this is... I’ve been
in Vegas since 1953
and I’ve played every star.
I have never. never had we had
the advanced reservations
that we have with Elvis.
♪ I went and bought
myself a ticket
♪ And I sat down
in the very first row
♪ They pulled the curtain
♪ But then when they turned
the spotlight way down low
♪ Singing. ying-yang
♪ Ying-yang ♪
Charlie? Charlie!
Charlie!
I’ve never gotten over
what they call stage fright.
I go through it every...
every show.
I never get completely
comfortable with it.
At no given time.
And I don’t let
the people with me
get comfortable with it.
And that I remind them that
it’s a new crowd out there.
It’s a new audience.
They haven’t seen this before.
So it’s got to be like
the first time we go on.
That’s bold. That’s bold!
It’s a little
frightening and exciting.
Elvis!
I love you!
I see people
of all different ages
and things out there. you know?
If I do something good.
they let me know.
If I don’t. they’ll
let me know that. right?
I work absolutely to them.
whether it’s six or 6.000.
it doesn’t really matter.
They bring it out of me.
The ham.
♪ Love me tender
Love me good...
♪ Well. that’s all right. Mama
That’s all right with you
♪ That’s all right. Mama
Just anyway you do
- ♪ Well. that’s all right
- ♪ That’s all right
- ♪ That’s all right now
♪ That’s all right. Mama
Anyway you do
♪ Well. Mama. she done told me
Papa done told me too
♪ Son. that gal
you’re fooling with
♪ She ain’t no good for you
- ♪ But that’s all right
- ♪ That’s all right
♪ That’s all right now. Mama
Anyway you do
When I was called
to make my first record.
I went into the studio
and I started singing.
I started jumping up and down.
and I wasn’t even aware of it.
And if I stood up
in front of an audience
and did nothing but sing.
if I didn’t put on a show
and if I didn’t act like
I enjoyed what I was doing.
they wouldn’t come out to
see me next time I went back.
♪ I’m leavin’ town. my baby
I’m leavin’ town for sure
♪ Well. then you won’t be
bothered with me
♪ Hangin’ ’round your door
- ♪ But that’s all right
- ♪ That’s all right
- ♪ Yeah. that’s all right now
♪ That’s all right now. Mama
Anyway you do
♪ Ah. da-da-dee. dee. dee-dee
Dee. dee. dee-dee
♪ Dee. dee. dee-dee
- ♪ Well. that’s all right
- ♪ That’s all right
♪ That’s all right now. Mama
Anyway you do
♪ Well. that’s all right. Mama
Anyway you do ♪
You see. country music
was always a part of the...
of the influence on my...
on my type of music anyway.
It was a combination of...
of country music and gospel
and rhythm and blues
all combined.
is what it really was.
As a child.
I was influenced by all that.
♪ Well. I’m the king
of the jungle
♪ They call me the Tiger
♪ I am the king of the jungle
♪ But if you cross my path
♪ You take your own life
In your hands
♪ Well. I get up on a mountain
and I call my bear cat
♪ Yeah. I get up on a mountain
and I call. whoo. my bear cat
You got it. baby!
♪ My bear cat comes running
♪ and the hound dogs
stay way back
Come on!
♪ Well. I get up on a mountain
and I call my bear cat
♪ My bear cat comes running
♪ And the hound dogs
stay way back
♪ Way back! Way back!♪
Love you!
Ah. well...
Thank you very much.
ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to the International.
My name is Fats Domino.
You’ve been
known in the past
as the "King of Rock and Roll."
Do you think your
style’s changed now
from the days
when you were King.
or do you consider that
still your style?
Well. I just do whatever
I feel on stage. you know?
I just always did that.
Would the following
names please...
No.
When I was a little kid...
Yes. Kirk?
When I first started out
in this business. I was. uh...
Out fooling around.
driving a truck.
Which is pretty hard to do
when you drive a truck.
But anyway.
I was out fooling around
and I got a bunch of ants
in my pants...
And so. ah. Ed Sullivan
saw me and he said.
"Hmm. son of a bitch..."
So. uh...
So he said. "Put him on TV
and shoot him
from the waist up." you know?
As a great philosopher
once said...
♪ You ain’t nothin’
but a hound dog
♪ Cryin’ all the time
♪ You ain’t nothin’
but a hound dog
♪ Cryin’ all the time
♪ Well. you ain’t
never caught a rabbit
♪ And you ain’t no
friend of mine
♪ You ain’t nothin’
but a hound dog
♪ Cryin’ all the time
♪ You ain’t nothin’
but a hound dog
♪ Cryin’ all the time
♪ Well. you ain’t
never caught a rabbit
♪ And you ain’t no friend...
♪ You ain’t nothin’
but a hound dog
♪ Cryin’ all the time
♪ You ain’t nothin’
but a hound dog
♪ Cryin’ all the time
♪ Well. you ain’t never
♪ ...friend of mine
♪ You ain’t nothin’
but a hound dog
♪ Cryin’ all the time
♪ You ain’t nothin’
but a hound dog
♪ Cryin’ all the time
♪ Well. you ain’t never...
♪ But you ain’t no
friend of mine ♪
So that’s really
how I got started.
Not really.
but something like that.
Now where’s the...
pardon the expression.
the clapboard?
Oh! You clapped already.
Oh. okay.
What about. uh.
have you guys got lead sheets
on "Polk Salad Annie?"
- Yes!
- We can do that?
Whoo!
Lord have mercy.
Catch this. Sam.
That’s it. though.
That’s all I can do. man.
Ah...
We’re going to get dirty
on you. ladies and gentlemen.
When we start it.
you flow with me.
Okay.
♪ Got a little morphine
♪ Gimme a little
hish hash. baby
♪ Polk salad Annie
♪ Where is your fanny at ♪
Yeah. Lord.
Some of you all never been
down South too much.
I’m going to tell you
a little story
so that you’ll understand
what I’m talking about.
Down there we have a plant
that grows out in the woods
in the fields
and it looks something
like a turnip green.
Everybody calls it polk salad.
That’s polk salad.
Used to know a girl
that lived down there
and she’d go out
in the evenings and...
She’d march a little bit.
wouldn’t she?
Hup! Hup!
Anyway...
Uh. she’d go out and pick
a mess of it.
Don’t make any sense does it?
Pick a mess of what?
Yeah. babe!
Carry it home
and cook it for supper.
Because that’s about
all they had to eat.
But they did all right.
’Cause that’s about
all they had to eat.
But they did all right.
All they had to eat.
♪ Down in Louisiana
♪ Where the alligators
grow so mean
♪ Lived a girl that
I swear to the world
♪ Made the alligators look tame
♪ Polk salad Annie
♪ Gators got your granny
♪ Everybody said
it was a shame. y’all
♪ ’Cause her mama was working
on the chain-gang
♪ A mean. vicious
straight razor-toting woman
♪ Lord. have mercy on her
♪ Every day before suppertime
♪ She’d go down
by the truck patch
♪ And pick her a mess
of polk salad
♪ And carry it home
in a tow sack
♪ Polk salad Annie
♪ Gators got you granny
♪ Everybody said it was a shame
♪ ’Cause her mama was working
on the chain-gang
♪ You sock a little polk salad
♪ You know I need a real mess
Yeah. baby!
Yeah!
You’re right. You’re right.
Very good.
♪ Sock a little polk salad
♪ You know I need
A real mess of it
♪ Sock a little
♪ You know I need
A real mess of it
♪ Sock a little ♪
Yeah. baby!
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
I’m not doing it tonight.
- Yeah. you’re sure not!
- Very good. Elvis.
I’m not doing it tonight.
That’s it. That’s it.
What’s interesting
about... about music.
and about
all the people here...
they find new sounds. you know.
and they do things differently.
themselves.
So it’s like a new
experience every day.
The guy on the guitar
will find a new lick
or the guy on the piano
will find something.
or the voices
will add something.
And I hear all this
and it inspires me.
♪ Baby. I know it
♪ You lost that lovin’ feelin’
♪ Whoa. oh. that lovin’ feelin’
♪ Now it’s gone. gone. gone
♪ Whoa-oh ♪
Yeah.
You know. we did two
shows a night for five weeks.
but we never let it get old.
Every song is like.
we do it for the first time.
And that’s... that’s one of
the secrets. you know?
♪ Baby. baby. I’d get down
on my knees for you
♪ That’s how much I love you
♪ If this suit wasn’t too tight
♪ Sweet baby
♪ If you would only love me
like you used to do
♪ That’s how much I love you
♪ Yeah
♪ Sweet baby
♪ We had a love
♪ A love
♪ A love you don’t
find every day
♪ Oh. no
♪ You won’t find it
every day now
- ♪ Don’t
♪ Don’t take it away
♪ Listen to me talkin’ to
♪ Bring back
that lovin’ feelin’
♪ Whoa. that lovin’ feelin’
♪ Bring back
that lovin’ feelin’
♪ Now it’s gone. gone. gone
♪ And I can’t go on
♪ Whoa-oh-oh
♪ Bring back
that lovin’ feelin’
♪ Whoa-oh-oh
♪ Bring back
that lovin’ feelin’
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
Yeah. thanks.
Never finish a show.
folks. but...
Hey. the lights are on.
I can see you.
Hello out there. Hello.
Here’s to you.
That’s right. keep some music
goin’ back there.
Don’t be afraid to play.
Just play it.
Just play the hell out of it.
There you go.
It won’t come off.
It’s tied. It won’t come off.
- ♪ Baby
- BACKUP SINGERS: ♪ Baby
♪ You’re wearin’ that
loved on look
♪ Shoop. shoop. shoop. shoop
- ♪ Baby
- BACKUP SINGERS: ♪ Baby
♪ You’re wearin’ that
loved on look
♪ ’Cause you’re wearin’
♪ That loved on look
I wasn’t popular
in school.
I wasn’t dating anybody
at school.
I failed music.
I flunked music. Hell!
Only thing I ever failed.
They entered me
in this talent show.
When I came out.
I did my two songs
and when I came off stage.
I think people were kind of
rumbling and whispering.
and so forth. because nobody
knew I even sang. really.
It was amazing how popular
I became at school after that.
♪ Shoop. shoop. shoop. shoop
- ♪ Baby
- BACKUP SINGERS: ♪ Baby
♪ You’re wearin’ that
loved on look
♪ ’Cause you’re wearin’
♪ That loved on look
- ♪ Baby
- BACKUP SINGERS: ♪ Baby
♪ You’re wearin’ that
loved on look ♪
You didn’t think
I’d make it. did you?
I didn’t either.
Get my little stool over here
for a second.
Do what?
Hang loose.
When I was about
ten years old.
they gave me a choice between
a guitar and a bicycle.
So I took the guitar
and watched people.
- I learned to play it.
- You missed me!
Honey. I wouldn’t come out
there again for love nor money.
My dad had seen a lot of people
who played guitar
and stuff who didn’t work.
"You should make up your mind."
he said. "about either being
an electrician
or playing a guitar."
He said. "I never saw a guitar
player that was worth a damn."
♪ Little sister. don’t you
kiss me once or twice
♪ And say it’s very nice
and then you run
♪ Little sister. don’t you do
what your big sister done
♪ Well. I dated your big sister
♪ Well. I took her to a show
♪ I went for some candy
♪ Along came Jim Dandy
♪ And they snuck
right out the door
♪ Little sister. don’t you
kiss me once or twice
♪ And say it’s very nice
and then you run
♪ Little sister. don’t you do
what your big sister
♪ Hey. get back
- ♪ Get back
♪ Get back to where
you once belonged
- ♪ Hey. get back
- ♪ Get back
♪ Get back to where
you once belonged
- ♪ Hey. get back
- ♪ Get back
♪ Get back to where
you once belonged
♪ Well. I used to
pull your pigtails
♪ And pinch your turned-up nose
♪ But you’ve been a growin’
and. baby. it’s been showin’
♪ From your head
down to your toes
♪ Little sister. don’t you
kiss me once or twice
♪ And say it’s very nice
and then you run
♪ Little sister. don’t you do
what your big sister done
- ♪ Hey. get back
- ♪ Get back
♪ Get back to where
you once belonged
- ♪ Hey. get back
- ♪ Get back
♪ Get back to where
you once belonged
- ♪ Hey. get back
- ♪ Get back
♪ Get back to where
you once belonged
♪ And that’s all that’s in that
son of a gun. right there
♪ All right now ♪
Are you going to
keep making movies?
I hope to.
What kind?
Well. I’d like
to make better films.
What do you mean?
Well. better than the ones
I’ve made before.
Anything lined up?
No. there’s nothing
as far as I know.
Is there. Colonel?
Anything in the workings?
Can’t think
of any myself.
An 8mm Walt Disney special
we’re doing next year.
I think. I don’t know.
♪ I see my light
I see my light come shining
♪ From the west
down to the east
♪ Any day now
♪ I shall be released
Goodbye.
Thank you so much.
♪ I see my light come shining
♪ From the west
down to the east
♪ Any day now
Like tying a bed sheet.
♪ I shall be released ♪
Dylan!
♪ A hunk
A hunk of burning love ♪
There you go. That ain’t bad.
♪ A hunk
A hunk of burning love
It’s on backwards. isn’t it?
♪ I’m just a hunk
A hunk of burning love
♪ Ahh
♪ A hunk
A hunk of burning love
♪ Ah. ah. ah
♪ A hunk
A hunk of burning love
♪ Ahh
♪ A hunk
A hunk of burning love
♪ I’m just a hunk
♪ Ahh
♪ A hunk
A hunk of burning love
♪ Ahh
♪ I’m just a hunk
A hunk of burning love
♪ Ahh
♪ A hunk
A hunk of burning love
♪ Ahh
♪ A hunk
A hunk of burning love
♪ Ahh
♪ A hunk
A hunk of burning love
♪ Ahh
♪ A hunk
A hunk of burning love...♪
But how are we going to
fade it onstage?
Just say. patch it up.
Oh! Everybody leave
the stage except Bill.
♪ Aah! Aah!♪
Thank you very much.
ladies and gentlemen.
you’re a fantastic audience.
Now we’re going to spring
a new song on you tonight.
We don’t know it
too well. but...
If we goof it up.
just... just bear with us.
We’ll get it right.
♪ Lord Almighty
I feel my temperature risin’
♪ Higher. higher
It’s burning through to my soul
♪ Girl. girl. girl. girl
You’re gonna set me on fire
♪ My brain is flamin’
♪ And I don’t know
which way to go
♪ Yeah
♪ Your kisses lift me higher
♪ Like the sweet song
of a choir
♪ You light my mornin’ sky
with burning love
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh
I feel my temperature risin’
♪ Help me. I’m flamin’
I must be a 109
♪ Burnin’. burnin’. burnin’
♪ And nothing can cool me
♪ Yeah
♪ I just might turn into smoke
But I feel fine
♪ ’Cause your kisses
lift me higher
♪ Like the sweet song
of a choir
♪ And you light my mornin’ sky
with burning love
♪ Aah. aah. aah
♪ Burning love
♪ It’s comin’ closer
♪ The flames are now
lickin’ my body
♪ Won’t you help me?
I feel like I’m slippin’ away
♪ It’s hard to breathe
My chest is a-heavin’
♪ Lord. have mercy
I’m burning a hole where I lay
♪ Yeah
♪ Your kisses lift me higher
♪ Like the sweet song
of a choir
♪ You light my mornin’ sky
with burning love
♪ Burning love
♪ Burning love. aah
♪ I’m just a hunk
A hunk of burning love
♪ Aah
♪ I’m just a hunk
A hunk of burning love
♪ Aah
♪ A hunk
A hunk of burning love
♪ Aah
♪ Just a hunk
A hunk of burning love
♪ Aah
♪ A hunk
A hunk of burning love
♪ I’m just a hunk
A hunk of burning love ♪
They had forgotten
the ending. really.
Supposed to be "a hunk.
a hunk of burning love.
Just a hunk. a hunk
of burning..."
Twice.
Drumroll!
They didn’t do it.
♪ Burning love
♪ Burning love ♪
Thank you. You’ve been
a fantastic audience.
Now that... that’s a new one.
We’ve never done it
on stage before.
so if we goofed up.
I’m sorry.
♪ I feel like a stranger
♪ Like a stranger
in my own hometown
Elvis!
♪ I feel like a stranger
♪ Like a stranger
in my own hometown
♪ All my so-called friends
stopped being friendly
♪ Yeah. but you can’t keep
a good man down
♪ No. you can’t ♪
- I started to do it.
- I didn’t do it.
Nobody heard me.
- What. you did?
- Oh. yeah.
I was expecting you to do it.
No. I did the first
three or four lines of it. man.
Nobody heard me.
Did you tell ’em
you were gonna do it?
- Yeah.
- Did you tell yourself?
No.
It look like
that little theatre...
- It is the place you played.
- It is the place.
- Yeah.
- Right.
I played here
about twice. didn’t I say?
Flock MC.
at the end of this street.
Grab a right here.
That’s when he first started
to manage me. right?
Yeah.
Colonel insisted that he have
him when he came back here.
Colonel called
all the way to my place.
He never forgets. man.
He never forgets anybody.
He never forgets people.
He never forgets openings.
- That’s right.
- Or dates. birthdays.
or anything.
Colonel used to take
shows out on the road.
He’d hire me for
an extra added singer
and he undoubtedly liked
the performance that we did.
so we decided to start
working together.
him as my manager.
That’s the Colonel.
- That’s his staff.
- Meet Colonel Parker.
That’s Colonel’s staff.
Very thin.
♪ You look like an angel
♪ Look like an angel
♪ Walk like an angel
♪ Talk like an angel
♪ But I got wise
♪ You’re the devil in disguise
♪ Oh. yes. you are
♪ Devil in disguise ♪
Did you pick Parker
or did Parker come for you?
We more or less
picked each other.
You know. I was making
quite a bit of money.
but. I mean. I wasn’t as
nationally known as I am now.
Uh-huh.
The Colonel
has a lot of friends
in the entertainment business.
he had a lot of connections.
Oh. yeah.
Moved with lots of people
that are important wheels
in the business.
He’s a very amusing guy
and he plans stuff that nobody
else would even think of.
I could tell you
lots of things.
Hi there.
How much are the dogs?
We have the large dogs
for five dollars
and the small dogs
for three dollars.
When you see
things sold on the street.
some of them saying
"I like Elvis"
and others saying other things.
do you get much for each time?
Do you get a percentage
when they sell an
"I Hate Elvis" button?
To be truthful.
I really don’t know.
In fact. I don’t know who sells
"I Hate Elvis" buttons.
Well. it’s the same
man who sells the "I Like."
There’s so many places
that I haven’t been yet.
Like. I’ve never played
New York here. you know?
I’ve never been to Britain
either. you know?
I’d like to. yes. sir.
I’d like to very much.
I’d like to go to Europe.
I’d like to go to Japan
and all those places.
I’ve never been out
of this country
except in the service.
you know?
♪ Well. I’ve never been
to Spain
♪ But I kind of like the music
♪ Say the ladies are insane
♪ And they sure know
how to use it
♪ They don’t abuse it
♪ Never going to lose it
♪ I can’t refuse it
♪ Well. I’ve never been
to England
Whoo!
♪ But I kind of like
the Beatles
♪ So I headed for Las Vegas
♪ Only made it out to Needles
All right!
♪ I got to feel it
♪ Must be near it
♪ Oh. it feels so good. Lord
♪ Feels so...
♪ Well. I’ve never
been to heaven
♪ But I’ve been to Oklahoma
♪ Well. they tell me
I was born there
♪ But I really don’t remember
♪ In Oklahoma or Arizona
♪ Yeah. what does it matter?
♪ What does it matter?
♪ In Oklahoma or Arizona
♪ Yeah. what does it matter?
♪ What does it matter?♪
Well...
I’d like to do a few oldies
but goodies for you.
If you’ll wait
about 30 minutes.
That’s a funny-looking thing
up there. man.
I hope that thing
don’t fall.
Flatter than a pancake. man.
Elvis!
I’ll get up in a minute.
Just hang with us.
With the help
of the Jordanaires. friends.
we’d like to do one
called... "Love Me."
It’s the new one
on the end there.
♪ Treat me like a fool
♪ Treat me mean and cruel
♪ But love me
Yeah...
♪ Break my faithful heart
♪ Tear it all apart
♪ But love me
♪ Won’t you love me?
♪ I would beg and steal
♪ Just to feel
♪ Your heart
♪ Beating close to mine
♪ So close to mine
♪ If you ever go
♪ Darling. I’ll be. oh
♪ Oh. so lonely
♪ I’ll be sad and blue
Crying over you
- ♪ I would beg and steal
- ♪ Beg and steal
- ♪ Just to feel
- ♪ Your heart
- ♪ I want your heart
- ♪ Beating close to mine
- ♪ So close to mine
♪ Oh. well. if you ever go
♪ Darling. I’ll be. oh
♪ So lonely
♪ Beggin’ on my knees
♪ All I ask is please
♪ Please love me
♪ Oh. yeah ♪
Whoo! Right on.
You ever pull out
any of those old records
from the Sun label
and listen to them at all?
They sound funny. boy...
They got a lot of echo on ’em.
Man. I tell you.
♪ Blue moon
♪ You saw me standing alone ♪
In a lot of the mail I get.
people ask questions about
the kind of things I do
and all that sort of stuff.
Well. I don’t smoke
and I don’t drink
and I love to go to movies.
Maybe someday I’m going to have
a home and a family of my own
and I’m not going
to budge from it.
Are you satisfied
with the image
you’ve established?
Well. the image is one thing
and a human being is another.
you know?
How close
is the image to the man?
It... It... It’s very hard
to live up to an image.
I’ll put it that way.
I’ve experienced a lot of
the different phases in life.
I’ve experienced happiness.
and loneliness and tragedy.
What’s that?
Losing my mother.
while I was in the army.
And although I think that
things like that.
as tragic as they are.
tend to make you a little
better human being. really.
♪ And I miss her
♪ Oh. how I miss her
♪ And I always...♪
I’m going to show
Joe that ending.
♪ And I miss her
♪ How I miss her
♪ Oh. how I miss her
♪ And I miss her
♪ Da. da. da. da ♪
I’d like to turn
the house light up.
Cause. now that you’ve seen me.
I’d like to take
a look at you. okay?
A funny thing happened
to me about a year ago.
Joe was showing me
how to go up on stage.
It was at intermission
and the lights were still on.
And I looked out
and I saw a crowd of people.
I got weak in the knees and all
of a sudden it just scared me.
You know. I...
It’s funny because
I can’t see you. really.
I can only see like
the first row here.
There’s a lot of
folks out there.
- And out there. too.
- Elvis!
Time just wrote an
article on The Rolling Stones
and in the article they said
that only Elvis Presley.
except for maybe Jagger.
has that ability to play
a crowd like a giant instrument
and able to tune them up
and to tune them down.
When you work the audience.
how does that happen?
Like. we know
maybe 150 songs.
I can change them
right there on stage.
I’ll just change to something
if I felt we were in a rut
or something wasn’t working.
I’d change it.
We’ll get past it. Let’s do
"Can’t Stop Loving You."
Let’s put that up
next. fellas. okay?
Boy. I’ll tell you.
it gets dry up here. man.
I feel like Bob Dylan
slept in my mouth.
How they doing that.
that light?
That’s what Jerry’s gonna do.
That’s Lamar...
But how do they
get it in rhythm?
It’s effective. like on "Can’t
Stop Loving You." they do...
♪ I can’t stop...♪
The lights do the same thing.
See. now I got to
take care of business.
♪ But time has stood still
♪ Since we’ve been apart
♪ And I can’t stop loving you
♪ I said I made up
Made up my mind
♪ To live in memory
♪ Of such a long lonely...
♪ And I can’t stop wanting you
♪ I said it’s useless
Useless to say yes. it is
♪ So I’ll just live my life
♪ In dreams of yester...
Yeah. baby!
♪ ...erday
♪ Oh. yeah
♪ Oh. yeah ♪
Yeah!
The big deal is the
sound has improved 100%
since opening night.
200%. It sounds much
better now. It really does.
I’ll make it 300%.
Every night the sound is
increased. you go longer.
That’s right.
The show tomorrow night
will be longer.
No. it’s... No. no.
You’re out
of the picture. Charlie.
Hey. Charlie. give him
that crystal clear look.
Left hand side.
♪ Are you lonesome tonight?
♪ Do you miss me tonight?
♪ Are you sorry
we drifted apart?
♪ Does your memory stray
♪ To a bright summer day
♪ When I kissed you
and called you sweetheart
Sing it!
♪ Do the chairs in your parlor
♪ Seem empty and bare?
♪ Do you gaze at your bald head
♪ And wish you had hair?
♪ Is your heart
filled with pain?
♪ Shall I come back again?
♪ Tell me. dear. ooh
♪ Are you lonesome tonight?
♪ Ooh. ooh. ooh. ooh ♪
I suppose this kind of
talk raises another question.
Am I in love?
I wonder if you’re
lonesome tonight.
Well. I get lonesome sometimes.
It’s pretty lonely
when you. uh...
You know. someone said
the world’s a stage
and each of us play a part.
You can get lonesome
right in the middle of a crowd.
♪ All those lonely.
lonely times
I have had and still
have some very lonely and...
You need somebody.
♪ I’m so happy that you’re mine
Am I in love?
You need somebody.
Love...
I’d like to get married.
I’d like to have a family.
I’ve got a feeling
that with her.
I won’t be lonesome
no matter where I am.
♪ You were always on my mind
♪ Maybe I didn’t hold you
♪ All those lonely
lonely times
♪ And I guess I never told you
♪ I’m so happy that you’re mine
♪ If I made you
feel second best
♪ Girl. I’m so sorry
I was blind
♪ But you were always
on my mind
♪ You were always on my mind ♪
It’s weird. isn’t it?
In those headphones.
♪ He taught me how
- ♪ To watch
- ♪ Watch and pray
♪ And live rejoicing
♪ Every
♪ Every day
- ♪ Every day
♪ Oh. happy day
- ♪ Oh. happy day
- ♪ When my Jesus washed
- ♪ When Jesus washed
♪ Oh. when he washed
♪ When Jesus washed
♪ He washed my sins away
♪ Oh. happy day
♪ Yeah. happy day
♪ Happy day
♪ Yeah ♪
I liked all different types
of music when I was a child.
you know. of course
the Grand Ole Opry
was the first thing
I ever heard. probably.
But I liked the blues
and I liked the gospel music.
Gospel quartets.
Thank you very much.
We’d like to do a Gospel song.
ladies and gentlemen.
that we did in 1966 called
"How Great Thou Art."
♪ Oh. Lord. my God
♪ When I in awesome wonder
♪ Consider all the worlds
♪ Thy hands have made
♪ I see the stars
♪ I hear the rolling thunder
♪ Thy power throughout
♪ The universe displayed ♪
We grew up with it
from the time I was...
I can remember.
like two years old.
I grew up with this
because my folks took me there.
And when I got old enough.
I started to sing in church.
And I started to...
That’s how
you got into singing?
- Well. that’s one of the ways.
- One of the ways.
♪ Way in the middle of the air
♪ He saw a mighty number
♪ Way up in the middle
of the air
♪ Now. I. John
He saw a mighty number
♪ Way in the middle of the air
♪ Oh. John declared
that he saw a man
♪ He had twelve bright stars
In his right hand
♪ When his eyes flashed fire
like the burning sun ♪
- Why don’t we do...
- Do that song...
Play "Gilead."
You know "Gilead?"
Well. yeah.
Sit over there.
They’ll hear you.
Sit down. Play it. son.
But this thing here.
the Gospel thing is just...
is really what we grew up with.
more than anything else.
And choosing music too.
because it’s a kind of...
if you’ve seen Baptist choirs.
there’s a kind
of intensity about it.
and it’s the same kind of
intensity and electricity
that you have on stage.
It seems like that
on almost every song...
Inside. yeah.
It just isn’t
singing notes.
It’s singing something
that seems to come
from very deep inside of you.
And at certain times
you push out and pull in.
♪ When the whole world
♪ Is falling around me ♪
We put on two shows a lot of
times. and we would go upstairs
and sing until daylight.
you know. gospel songs.
♪ River flow ♪
It more or less
puts your mind at ease.
It does mine.
Otherwise you’d
go out here just...
You couldn’t sleep
for. you know...
There’s nothing
wrong with it. but...
♪ Nearer
♪ My God to Thee
♪ My God to Thee ♪
It takes at least
four. five hours
to even begin to unwind.
Sing it. fellas.
♪ When Christ shall come
♪ With shout of acclamation
♪ To take me home
♪ What joy shall fill my heart
♪ Then I shall bow
♪ In humble adoration
♪ And then proclaim
♪ Oh. my God
♪ How great Thou art
♪ Then sings my soul
♪ My Savior God. to Thee
♪ How great Thou art
♪ Then sings my soul
♪ My Savior God. to Thee
♪ How great Thou art
♪ How great
♪ Thou
♪ Art ♪
Thank you.
You’re beautiful.
♪ Hey. baby
♪ I ain’t asking much of you
♪ Oh. no. no. no. no
no. no. no. no. baby
♪ I ain’t asking much of you
♪ Ooh
♪ Just a big-a big-a big-a
hunk of love will do
♪ Will do
♪ Don’t be a stingy little mama
♪ You’re about to
starve me half to death
♪ Now you can spare a kiss or
two and still have plenty left
♪ No. no. no. baby
♪ I ain’t asking much of you
♪ Well. just a big-a big-a
big-a hunk of love will do
- ♪ Will do
- ♪ That’s right
Your big chance. man.
♪ Ooh
♪ That’s right. that’s right
♪ You’re just
a natural born beehive
♪ Filled with honey to the top
♪ But I ain’t greedy. baby
all I want is all you got
♪ No. no. no. baby
♪ I ain’t asking much of you
♪ Yeah
♪ Just a big-a big-a big-a
hunk of love will do
- ♪ That’s right
- ♪ Will do
♪ That’s right
♪ That’s right. that’s right
♪ I got a wishbone in my pocket
♪ I got a rabbit’s foot
around my wrist
♪ You know I’d have
all the things
♪ My lucky charms could bring
♪ If you’d give me just
one sweet kiss
♪ Oh. no. no. no. no
No. no. no. no. baby
♪ I ain’t asking much of you
♪ Yeah
♪ Just a big-a big-a big-a
hunk of love will do
- ♪ That’s right
- ♪ Will do
♪ That’s right
♪ Just a big-a big-a big-a
hunk of love will do
- ♪ That’s right
- ♪ Will do
♪ That’s right
♪ Just a big-a big-a big-a
hunk of love will do ♪
Whoo!
Thank you.
Let me tell you
a little thing tonight.
What is this. man?
You’re starting off right.
I’ll tell you.
♪ Bridge over troubled water
♪ I will lay me down
♪ Like a bridge
over troubled water
♪ I will lay me down
And I would never
let it down.
Yeah.
’Cause there’s a new
audience out there.
Plus we enjoy
what we’re doing.
♪ And pain is all around
♪ Oh. like a bridge
over troubled water
♪ I will lay me down
♪ Yeah. oh. like a bridge
over troubled water
♪ I will lay me down
♪ Lay me down ♪
Well. Elvis
communicates with us. really.
He has some way of
keeping you interested.
and you communicate
between you and him.
I’m not going to tell you how.
♪ Sail on. silver girl
♪ Sail on by
♪ Your time has come to shine
♪ All your dreams
are on their way
♪ See how they shine
♪ Ooh
♪ If you need a friend
♪ I’m sailing right behind
♪ Oh. like a bridge
over troubled water
♪ I will ease your mind
♪ Like a bridge
over troubled water
♪ I will ease your mind
♪ All of your mind
♪ Ooh
♪ Ooh ♪
Thank you.
♪ Ooh
♪ As the snow flies
♪ On a cold and grey
Chicago mornin’
♪ A poor little
Baby child is born
♪ In the ghetto
♪ Ooh
♪ And his mama cries
♪ ’Cause if there’s one thing
that she don’t need
♪ It’s another hungry mouth
to feed
♪ In the ghetto
♪ Ooh
♪ People. don’t you understand
♪ The child needs
a helping hand
♪ Or he’ll grow to be an
angry young man some day
♪ Take a look at you and me
♪ Are we too blind to see?
♪ Do we simply turn our heads
♪ And look the other way?
♪ Well. the world turns ♪
Oh. Mr. Presley.
on the subject of the service.
what is your opinion
of war protesters
and would you today
refuse to be drafted?
Honey. I’d just soon to keep
my own personal views
about that to myself
because I’m just an entertainer
and I’d rather not say.
Do you think
other entertainers
should also keep their views
to themselves?
No. I can’t even say that.
♪ Well. the world turns
I’m just an entertainer
and I...
I can’t even say that.
I’m just an entertainer
and I can’t even say that.
♪ And his mama cries ♪
I can’t even say that.
I’m just an entertainer
and I can’t even say that.
If you never stood in
that man’s shoes.
or saw things through his eyes.
or stood and watched
with helpless hands
while the heart
inside you dies.
So help your brother
along the way.
no matter where he starts.
For the same God that made you
made him too.
These men with broken hearts.
I’d like to sing a song
along the same line.
♪ If I could be you
♪ If you could be me
♪ For just one hour
♪ If we could find a way
♪ To get inside
♪ Each other’s mind. uh-huh
♪ If you could see you
♪ Through my eyes
♪ Instead of your ego
♪ I believe you’d be
I believe you’d be
♪ Surprised to see
♪ That you’ve been blind
uh-huh
♪ Now there are people
♪ On reservations
♪ And out in the ghetto
♪ And. brother. there
♪ But for the grace of God
♪ Go you and I. uh-huh
♪ If I only
♪ had the wings
♪ Of a little angel
♪ Don’t you know. I’d fly
♪ To the top of a mountain
♪ And then I’d cry. cry. cry
♪ Walk a mile in my shoes
Yeah. baby.
♪ Yeah. before you abuse
♪ Criticize and accuse
♪ Walk a mile in my shoes
♪ Oh. baby
♪ Walk a mile in my shoes. yo
♪ Yeah. before you abuse
♪ Criticize and accuse
♪ Walk a mile in my shoes ♪
"Suspicious Minds."
♪ We’re caught in a trap
♪ I can’t walk out
♪ Because I love you
too much. baby
♪ Why can’t you see
♪ Ooh
♪ What you’re doing to me
♪ When you don’t believe
a word I’m saying?
♪ We can’t go on together
♪ With suspicious minds
♪ Suspicious minds
♪ And we can’t build our dreams
♪ On suspicious minds
♪ Oh. let our love survive
♪ Oh. no
♪ I’ll dry the tears
from your eyes
♪ Let’s don’t let
a good thing die
♪ Oh. no
♪ ’Cause. honey. you know
I’ve never lied to you
♪ Ooh
♪ Yeah. yeah
♪ We’re caught in a trap
♪ I can’t walk out
♪ Because I love you
too much. baby
♪ Now don’t you know
♪ We’re caught in a trap
♪ I can’t walk out
♪ Because I love you too much
♪ Caught in a trap
♪ I can’t walk out
♪ Because I love you
too much. baby
♪ Don’t you know
♪ Caught in a trap
♪ I can’t walk out
♪ Because I love you
too much. baby
Where you going?
♪ Don’t you know
♪ We’re caught in a trap
♪ Can’t walk out
Huh!
♪ Because I love you
too much. baby
♪ Well. don’t you know
♪ Caught in a trap
Hey!
♪ I can’t walk out
♪ Because I love you too much
♪ Oh. caught in a trap
♪ I can’t walk out
♪ Because I love you too much
♪ Caught in a trap
♪ I can’t walk out
♪ Because I love you too much
♪ Caught in a trap
♪ I can’t walk out
♪ Because I love you
too much. baby
- ♪ Well. don’t you know
- BACKUP SINGERS:
♪ We’re caught in a trap
♪ I can’t walk out
♪ Because I love you
too much. baby
♪ Don’t you know
♪ We’re caught in a trap
♪ I can’t walk out
♪ Because I love you
too much...
♪ Well. don’t you know
♪ We’re caught in...
♪ I can’t walk...
♪ Because I love you too much
♪ We’re caught in a trap
♪ I can’t walk out
♪ Because I love you
too much. baby
- ♪ Oh. don’t you know
- BACKUP SINGERS:
♪ We’re caught in a trap
♪ I can’t walk...
♪ Because I love you
too much. baby ♪
Oh. hello. it’s me.
Good to meet you.
- Cool.
- Thank you.
- You worked hard.
- You did all my moves.
Oh. God. I missed a step.
Ha. I done all your moves!
Why shouldn’t you be tight?
I want you to be tight.
Well. I was pretty tired
about halfway through it.
then I thought.
"To hell with it." you know?
Yeah. you let loose and then
go. You know. what the hell?
- Yeah.
- ’Cause everyone says...
- Was that karate?
- Yeah. Yeah.
How you doing?
Nice to meet you.
You started to
rev up and then never stopped.
- Wanna get serious or just...
- Yes.
...play a little bit?
A hard way to make
a living. you know.
It’s really. really tough.
Mr. Presley.
have you ever grown tired
over the years
of the constant attention
and fan adoration?
Ah. no. I got used to it.
I would kind of miss it
if it didn’t happen. you know?
If nobody saw me
or nobody recognized me
or whatever.
or asked for an autograph...
To me. it’s just part of
the business and. you know.
I accept it.
but I think I would miss it.
Hi. little girl. Hey.
Whoa. what’s the matter. baby?
♪ So hush. little baby
♪ Don’t you cry
♪ You know your daddy’s
♪ Bound to die
And as the years roll
along and I’m standing there.
your joy and tears.
I’ll gladly share.
And when things go wrong. dear.
and the stage is bare.
then they can bring
the curtain down.
and I’ll be there.
♪ But all
♪ My trials. Lord
♪ Will soon be over ♪
Then they can bring
the curtain down.
and I’ll be there.
Well. I think the
most important thing
is the inspiration that I get
from a live audience.
I was missing that.
I just missed it.
I missed the closeness of an
audience. of a live audience.
♪ Wise men say
♪ Only fools
Only fools rush in
♪ Oh. but I. but I
♪ I can’t help
♪ Falling in love with you
♪ Shall I stay?
♪ Would it be
Would it be a sin?
♪ If I. if I. I can’t help
♪ Falling in love with you
♪ Like a river flows
♪ Surely to the sea
♪ Darling. so it goes
♪ Some things. you know
♪ Are meant to be
♪ Take my hand
♪ Take my whole
My whole life too
♪ For I. for I. I can’t help
♪ Falling in love with...
♪ Oh
♪ For I. I can’t help
♪ Falling in love
♪ With you ♪
I enjoy it. you know?
People wonder how I do it
night after night or so on.
I just... I really like it.
I’m perfectly at home
out there.
I may lose four or five pounds
a show easily.
but I don’t mind it. you know?
I’ve been doing it ever since
I’ve been in this business.
Elvis. white trash.
Elvis. the Memphis Flash.
Elvis. under the hood.
Elvis. with Cadillac blood.
Elvis. darling bird.
flowered and returned
to the Mississippi mud.
Elvis. he didn’t hear the shot.
but Dr. King died just
across the lot from Elvis.
the Memphis spleen.
shooting TVs.
reading Corinthians 13.
Elvis with God on his knees.
Elvis on three TVs.
Elvis. he sang to win.
Elvis. the battle hymn.
Elvis changed
the center of gravity.
Elvis made it slippery.
Elvis ate America
before America ate him.
♪ Do you miss me?
♪ You’ve turned
your back on yesterday
♪ Betrayed a man who swore
he’d make you pay
♪ One thought goes racing
across your mind
♪ Do you miss me?
♪ You’ve lived and died
and come to life again
♪ The edge of reality
♪ Do you miss me?
♪ Reality
♪ Do you miss me tonight?♪
♪ We can’t go on together
♪ With suspicious minds
♪ Suspicious minds
♪ And we can’t build our dreams
♪ On suspicious minds
♪ So if an old friend I know
♪ Stops by to say hello
♪ Would I still see suspicion
in your eyes?
♪ But here we go again
♪ Asking where I’ve been
♪ You can’t see the tears
are real I’m crying
♪ We can’t go on together
♪ With suspicious minds
♪ Suspicious minds
♪ And we can’t build our dreams
♪ On suspicious minds
♪ Don’t fly away
♪ My beautiful bird
♪ Yes. I’m cryin’
♪ Don’t fly away
♪ My beautiful bird
♪ I know I shouldn’t want
to keep you
♪ If you don’t want
to stay. yeah
♪ Until you’re gone forever
♪ I’ll be holding on
for dear life
♪ Holding you this way
♪ Begging you to stay
♪ Love will let me down
♪ We can’t go on together
♪ With suspicious minds
♪ Suspicious minds
♪ And we can’t build our dreams
♪ On suspicious minds
♪ Don’t fly away
♪ My beautiful bird
♪ Yes. I’m cryin’
♪ Don’t fly away
♪ My beautiful bird
♪ Yes. I’m cryin’
♪ Don’t fly away
♪ My beautiful bird ♪
I’d like to talk to you
a little bit.
ladies and gentlemen. about
how I got in this business.
There’s been
a lot written and a lot said.
but never from my
side of the story.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-